Welcome to the Symphony Game! This is a game where people hear a short excerpt of any one of the symphonies of a composer, and they have to guess what it is? We start at the extreme level, where the user only hears 1 second. If they need a hint, they can listen to 4 seconds, or 10 seconds, or finally 20 seconds. Ultimately, while the only composer here is Gustav Mahler, the code can be extremely easily replicated for other composers (provided one uploads all the relevant audio files to Cloudinary, which is time consuming and why I haven't finished Sibelius yet) with the exact same code, with the differences being the classification of "correctSymphony" and "correctMovement" as well as differences on the drop down menus (for example, no Sibelius symphony has more than 4 movements, whereas Mahler's 3rd has six. Futher, Sibelius only wrote 7 symphonies, as opposed to the 10 symphonies by Mahler uploaded here). Note: I (rather controversially) include the Deryck Cooke performance version of the 10th symphony in this game. You may disagree, but it gives the game an extra challenge since I am less familiar with movements 2-5 of the 10th than I am with any other Mahler symphony.

The first page of the game is not mainpage.html, but index.html. There you will encounter some instructions, with the background of a musical score, as well as a musical piece that plays (the trombone solo from the 3rd symphony). It then sends you to a main page with a picture of Jean Sibelius turning into a picture of Gustav Mahler. There are three buttons which all lead to various other pages: one to the Mahler game, another to a Sibelius section saying "In Construction" (because I haven't done Sibelius yet), and a third miscellaneous section. The one that matters the most is the Mahler page.

When we get to the Mahler page, there will be buttons, one to play the excerpt, one to submit, and one to ask for more time. There are two drop down menus asking for integers with different ranges (one the number of symphonies Mahler wrote and the other the max number of movements he has in a symphony). Submitting will color the inputs as to whether they are correct or not, asking for more time will show another section beneath with similar buttons but whose play button will play more time, and the final give up button (shown at the 20 second section) will allow the user to see the answer. Once one answers correctly and pushes a button to display the answer (or gives up), the user will see the symphony, movement, how many minutes and seconds into the movement the excerpt was, and options to hear 30 seconds or the rest of the movement. There is an option to reload the page (to get a new excerpt), or return to the homepage.

